Improve the IaC AWS Get Started guide (#14676)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/iac/get-started/aws/configure.md

---
title_tag: Configure access | AWS
title: Configure access
h1: "Get started with Pulumi and AWS"
meta_desc: This page provides an overview on how to get started with Pulumi when starting an AWS project.
weight: 3
menu:
    iac:
        name: Configure access
        parent: aws-get-started
        weight: 3

aliases:
- /docs/quickstart/aws/begin/
- /docs/quickstart/aws/install-pulumi/
- /docs/quickstart/aws/install-language-runtime/
- /docs/quickstart/aws/configure/
- /docs/get-started/aws/install-pulumi/
- /docs/get-started/aws/install-language-runtime/
- /docs/get-started/aws/configure/
- /docs/get-started/aws/begin/
- /docs/clouds/aws/get-started/begin/
---

## Configure access to AWS

Pulumi's CLI needs access to your AWS account to manage cloud resources.

If you've already <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-install.html" target="_blank">installed</a> and <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-configure.html" target="_blank">configured</a> the AWS CLI, Pulumi will respect and use your configuration settings.

> You must use an IAM user account that has [programmatic access](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/security-creds-programmatic-access.html) with rights to deploy and manage the resources used throughout this tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must use an IAM user account that has [programmatic access](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/security-creds-programmatic-access.html) with rights to deploy and manage S3 buckets.
```
As far as I could tell this is the only resource they interact with--may be helpful to just be explicit.
